1	Trump tweeted the message Saturday after Ri delivered an address to the United Nations General.   
2	North Korea's threat to shoot down U.S.  Bombers.    
3	He needs insulin to survive but his last vial is sitting.
4	South Korea lost 4-2 to Russia in a men's football friendly match in Moscow on Saturday, adding another lethargic effort to a growing list of subpar results. 
5	The loss left South Korea with one win, three draws and three losses in 2017 and just five goals scored in those seven matches. 
6	But then some unlucky bounces did the visitors in. 
7	Kim Ju-young didn't have a goal in his first nine international matches prior to Saturday. 
8	And South Korea missed an opportunity to win back the hearts of the fans with this friendly in Russia.
9	Messenger apps were the No. 1 culprit for addiction, followed by games, web surfing and social media. 
10	Lee's elder brother revealed the death in a message posted on social media on Saturday night. 
11	The message did not say why the up-and-coming model killed himself.  It is unknown if he left a will.
12	The funeral will be at Moat Seoul Memorial Park at 2 p.m.  on Monday, according to the Seoul agency. 
13	"Efforts will also be made to remedy Chinese-style expressions in consideration of elementary students' progress in learning and growth." 
14	The ministry said foreign words in textbooks for fifth and sixth graders will also be subject to changes in their 2019 editions. 
15	Overdue wages to foreign workers in South Korea have surged in recent years. 
16	The information is based on complaints about unpaid wages filed with the ministry's offices across the country.
17	Kang said the actual amount of unpaid wages could be higher given that not every foreign worker complained because they wanted to avoid conflict with their employer.
18	The meteor is believed to have landed somewhere in the region.  There are no reports of casualties or property loss, according to China's state media Xinhua. 
19	"We first heard a big bang and then saw a light," villager Duji told Xinhua.  "We thought it was an earthquake but did not feel the jolt."
20	Experts say the government needs to step up efforts to help local companies handle growing trade pressure.
21	The U.S.  trade commission has set the stage for the real estate mogul-turned-president to impose safeguard restrictions on washers made by Samsung and LG Electronics.
22	In the wake of the growing trade pressure, the government is scrambling to hold meetings with relevant companies this week. 
23	But it appears not to have much to do. 
24	An industry official echoed Sung's view. 
25	"And it will continue for the time being, posing a major threat to our economy." 
26	The nation's two appliance companies exported a combined $1 billion (1.14 trillion won) worth of large residential washing machines to the U.S.  last year.
27	Samsung holds a 16 percent market share and LG holds 13 percent, while Whirlpool holds 38 percent.  
28	One day earlier, Seoul and U.S. agreed to initiate amendment negotiations at the U.S.  government's request in the second special session of their joint committee. 
29	It is likely to kick off as early as January. 
30	The automotive and steel sectors that the U.S.  blames for the trade deficit are likely to be high on the agenda during negotiations. 
